- I said I'm good to be here I'm good
wait my cameras like flickering okay I'm
not gonna lie to you I'm like I'm
definitely really nervous okay but I'm
also excited at the same time because
I've really never spoken to like someone
who is qualified ever okay well so help
me understand what you're nervous about
well um I don't know man a lot of things
a lot of things um just more so like I
know like these type of situations will
definitely make me vulnerable all right
and it's like being vulnerable is a kind
of scary you know absolutely being
vulnerable is terrifying yeah sure and
when you say these kinds of situations
what what is that what help me
understand no just talking talking to
someone like truthfully rather than it
just being like some you know like like
most time I scream it's more of just
like it's a show you know it's like
we're just having fun constant whatever
but this is like a like a more real
setting if that makes sense even though
there is still chat spamming you know
Kappas and stuff so yeah I'd like to
swear as well right yeah I think so okay
like if you don't want me to lie if
you'll just asking you like like how you
want the setting to be you know am I
allowed to like be uh I'm very uh I like
to swear so I'm just I think if you want
a sweater that's okay man okay cool [ __ ]
alright we're good alright so um can you
you said you haven't talked to someone
who is like like you've never spoken to
a professional about your feelings is
that what you mean yeah I've never
really spoken to anyone man I've uh well
I've spoken like friends and stuff
obviously like I have friends that know
me pretty well but I definitely have
never spoken to a professional before
and there well that's not true one time
I did speak to or tried to speak to a
psychologist like two years ago but I
remember they were having a very hard
time relating to anything I was really
saying I was trying to like help them
understand like my life and like what's
like bothering me and like my job and
twitch ad and all this and like getting
you know getting backlash and hate and
all these things and they can't like
it's almost like when you get like a
Boomer therapist they just don't they
don't quite understand any of those like
dynamics right so they pretty much just
say hey yo take this pill you'll be good
you know so that's like is that what
this all just said uh well mostly
everyone I've gone to is tried to put me
on some plate but some type of like drug
yeah like whether it be a SSRIs
or for depression anxiety just like
random [ __ ] like you know whatever D are
you depressed or anxious well I've
definitely had my uh I definitely had my
run-ins with anxiety and depression
definitely a hundred percent I used to
be very very anxious but recently it's
been better it's definitely been better
recently okay
what's been better recently what's
what's changed well I don't know I moved
to Austin like eight months ago where's
my camera flickering for you is that
just my son it's it know what's good to
me man okay there's my son okay so I
moved to Austin eight months ago right I
was like doing this I did this whole
streamer house with a bunch of uh with a
bunch of streamers there's like a lot of
girls we had like a big mansion or
whatever and we were all streaming
everything was going good I don't know
it's like when I'm streaming and like
when I'm like like popping off on Twitch
it almost feels as though my problems
like it's like I'm distracting myself
from my own mind and I'm just like
grinding if that makes sense but then as
soon as I ditch and the cameras off and
I'm just Mitch and whatever David in the
mirror then I have to like truly see
myself for who I am and and it's like I
have a lot of baggage inside that just
like sits there you know and like sure I
I haven't really found a good way of
releasing those things even though I've
been looking for those looking for those
releases like for a long time now you
know I took like a year off - ish like
two years ago to just kind of try and
find myself and all I really found was a
bunch of pain and I was just like super
[ __ ] up and I kept trying all these
like weird diets like I well I was like
the skinniest like I I lost so much
weight and I was just trying all this
crazy [ __ ] to see how if I could like
fix my mind or whatever and it's just
like I don't know I feel like go ahead
sorry no I mean it sounds like you've
got a lot to say man keep going Oh trust
me man yeah there is a yes yeah there's
a lot to talk about how help me
understand so help me understand when
you when when the cameras often you look
in the mirror and you see this guy David
is your name that's you yeah yeah my
name is yeah yeah my birth name is David
yeah okay so when you see David tell me
tell me what you see in the mirror
uh well you know I just see a man who's
been literally like trying so hard to
just like play this like twitch like
weird circus game for like ten years you
know I've been doing this forever right
like I've been on Twitch before it was
like a YouTube cloud chasing reacting
[ __ ] hole that it is today you know I
feel like twitch like seven years ago
was actually just gamers chillin and it
was way different now than this like
cloud chasing boomer or whatever Zoomer
[ __ ] platform that it's become and
not only that not only the Zoomers
infiltrating it's also gotten a lot more
strict right since Amazon and all that
bought it out blah blah blah like you
know it was kind of like the Wild West
back in the day you could just like do
your thing and like that was it you know
and it's just it's changed a lot so um
tell me what you see when you look in
the mirror when I look in the mirror I
see a broken human being that has been
living up or Sona for 10 years and like
I've always been real and tried to be
real with my viewers but that also like
I I think opens me up to a lot of
scrutiny and truthfully like I think
that I'm very [ __ ] broken of a human
but I like I I don't really like to show
well I do show that part of me but
nobody really wants to listen to that
right like nobody wants to go like
listen to somebody bitching about their
broken self you know whatever what about
you is broken
pretty much everything my identity like
I've everything I've done has been a
[ __ ] lie man like that's how I view
it anyway right like like cool I was
famous I was making hella money like
whatever right like I had some hot girls
like I did all the things you would
think would make you feel like like
complete or whatever the [ __ ] but truly
I felt so dead inside and like I still
like um I don't know like I just still
feel that way but I know that like I
can't really let that person win like I
kind of just have to keep going on with
the circus you know wait hold on but how
is that strategy working for you so far
you know I I really don't I really don't
know I really don't know man satisfy
honestly don't sounds like grinding is
not working for you but like I have no
other option you know like if I don't
make twitch work like I'm truly screwed
so
yeah man so so I don't think that I
don't think you have to quit twitch I'm
just saying that it sounds like you're
not taking care of yourself so it sounds
like like you're thinking in terms of
black and white like either you you quit
twitch and then that means that like
this the other part of you wins or you
keep doing what you're doing like it
seems like very like black and white to
me yeah that's kind of I'm let's just
tell I am I'm kind of like all or
nothing you know
yeah it's always been no way but what do
you think about that I don't know I
think that that's just like hardwired in
me like I'm either in or I'm out you
know like I can't do this like like what
do you call it when you like good at
everything uh like you're good at
balance I'm terrible at that like like
I'm pretty much just like in one thing
and that's all I think about and I just
grind that forever or I'm out and I'm
doing something else right like
balancing I suck at like keeping a
schedule maintaining like if you suck at
something what is that what does that
mean for you like does that is you're
just you are this way you're hardwired
it's it's not possible to change or is
it like help me understand well it could
be possible to change I've I've
definitely tried I swear it sounds like
you've tried a lot oh I've tried so hard
so [ __ ] hard man like that I swear I
see them wrong with me I have like an
action deficit disorder where like I
cannot act on the things that I
understand because like a lot of people
think that I'm just like stupid but like
I kind of understand most social
dynamics and like like the things I need
to do I understand them it just it's
very hard for me to act on those things
and like I don't know no matter how hard
I want to do it I just have trouble
doing it you know and I'm so messed up
over it's so hard so okay buddy now
we're getting somewhere okay so if you
want to do something and you're unable
to do it how the [ __ ] does that work I I
don't know you tell me I have no idea
like what do you think man like so if I
have an intention if I'm a human being
and I have an intention what are the
things that influence my behavior right
so if I want to do something like let's
say I want to get out of bed in the
morning what are the things that
influence whether I get out of bed
because what happens is sometimes it
sounds like you
your behaviors are not aligned with your
intentions that is very true yes and
recently I've tried to like I have this
thing where like one day I'll wake up
and I'm like all right I'm gonna fix it
all right and then I'll like go hard for
a month and I'll really like be normal
like I'll be really making progress
toward my life for like one month and
then something happens and I'm just I'm
just off and it's all progress that is
that is a terrible strategy my friend so
let me because I think what you're doing
is so I think you're using you're just
using vast reserves of willpower to
overcome things within you and then you
just run out of steam oh yeah no the
burnout is real 100 percent yeah yeah so
like you burnout is not a sustainable
way to change your life right like like
a you're overcoming stuff in order to
try to is you I mean you're using a lot
of this like language like grind right
like so we're grinding to me is this
like streaming every day and trying to
like you know be trying good you know
yeah yeah so you just you just you just
use like vast amounts of just willpower
and raw energy to overcome whatever kind
of like tornado of [ __ ] is going on
inside you oh yeah yeah I like to just
push all that away and just focus on the
goal you know yeah so I don't think that
that's like I think that strategy can be
very successful but I think it's gonna
leave you tortured and broken well I've
been that way my whole life so I really
don't know what it's like to be whole
and not broken like yeah truthfully like
I'm not saying that to like you know
boohoo me but like I have had a weird a
weird life like I've had a great life
but also we're coming at your life uh
where do you want me to start I don't
know
well there's a lot there there's truly a
lot like like there's a lot of things
that we could talk about man like I
don't know if you know the history of
like twitch tell me about like about me
and my twitch stuff or like me just me
just tell me about you you okay well I'm
a dude I was born in Baltimore Maryland
okay um yeah I'm 27 years old now so I'm
you know again till the late bloomer
stages
um I went to I have like a weird family
situation very strange family situation
my uh my mother was diagnosed with brain
cancer when I was like 16 and she had
like a stroke and multiple surgeries and
she's like paralyzed on her left side
and you know she it's done it's oh it's
it's been the worst thing ever because
my mom was truly like the one person
that I actually loved me for like Who I
am you know what I mean like I truly
loved my mom unconditionally and I
pretty much lost her like eight years
ago like lost her mentally she's still
she's still doing great and fighting
cancer but she lost a huge piece of
herself because they had to remove like
I think I think it was like 20% of her
frontal cortex to keep her alive so she
lost like a lot of her personality and
uh you know what I mean like it yeah
it's almost like an Alzheimer's thing
like don't remember and she's just not
she's not all there at all there yeah
all there anymore yeah and I've had to
watch her to terior it over the last
like eight years or so and I someone oh
it's killed me honestly because I've had
nowhere to turn like my father has
always been kind of like a hard-ass like
my dad's like a very successful like
lawyer businessman whatever like he's
just been that kind of guy like I he
sent me to private school my whole life
like I've been spoiled in that regard
like money and whatever like I come from
a pretty wealthy family but my dad never
gave me like uh like the like he never
filled the shoes of my mom if that makes
sense
sure of course yeah he never did and I
never felt like me and my dad have never
like hug or so I love you or any that
like there's none of that like I don't
feel like I had that relationship with
my father
I don't feel like I've ever had that
relationship with my father and there's
actually some really deep things I could
get into you about about like like
there's a lot of [ __ ] up things I've
gone on in my family but honestly I
don't want to like err that on the
internet if you want to join talk like
privately about that that's [ __ ] let's
talk about whatever you're comfortable
with me yeah yeah no I mean I'm normally
comfortable with telling uh I'm not
comfortable with like talking openly I
just don't want to like say something
you know I mean sure yeah so that that's
pretty much my family situation I have a
brother as well I have a brother yeah I
do brother
yeah he he was uh he has Asperger's
syndrome he's like pretty autistic and
he was also born with a face deformation
like he his jaw never grew properly so
it grew like very crooked and he used to
get like made fun of in school and like
older younger he's an older brother
older brother
yeah and he's he's very different very
different you know like you've met
people with autism right like they're
they have very troubled like a lot of
trouble socially and my brother's very
smart honestly he's very good at art he
used to kick my ass and halo back in the
day like like straight he was just
amazing at everything he did like and it
just sucks the heat when my mom got sick
he never really got that support anymore
and he kind of went down the deep end
and he now lives him like assisted
living and and I feel really bad for him
man like I really do I feel really bad
for him
the last time I saw him I think he's
doing okay but let's just say if I had
ever if I was actually good enough to
get my [ __ ] together and I didn't really
lose everything that I that I had going
for me I probably would have like you
know taking care of him and maybe my mom
as well which is a lot of burden for me
but I felt like that was the right play
and I truly regret that I [ __ ] up this
whole twitch thing because I really
could have been in a position to help my
family and I feel like I let that I just
[ __ ] up man for my own selfish reasons
cuz I wanted to you know whatever [ __ ]
around and be an idiot you know no I
don't what does that mean it means that
I got so carried away in this [ __ ] when
I could have just looked at it as a
means to help my family instead I looked
at it as a means to feed my own ego and
you know date hot girls and whatever
spend a lot of money on [ __ ] I don't
need and you know what I mean like that
kind of stuff like meet a bunch of fake
friends that tell me I'm through and
really they they don't give a [ __ ] and I
just you know whatever they wanted was
just not so you you myself for that Oh
hundred percent I blame myself for that
I'm stupid it's not that I'm even stupid
it's that I was being selfish and I
always knew the right play and it's just
it's it's easier said than done you know
yeah so so help me understand that I'm a
little bit confused if it's easier said
than done then why so much blame
because I could have done it man you
know why do you think that why do I
think I could have done it yeah
because I could I do what III know I
could have I could have actually switch
a positive thing for me and helped my
family and you know been a support I
could have done but how do why do you
think that I just think I could have
done it how do I understand I understand
you think you could have done it that
much is clear to me what I'm
understanding is where did you get the
idea that you could have done that I
don't know I guess when I thought about
it long enough I realized I was chasing
the wrong things and maybe I couldn't
have done it yeah or maybe right maybe
maybe I needed to go through the [ __ ]
that I went through or something yeah I
mean this I was just about to say cuz it
sounds like you know you spent some time
reflecting and thinking about the
choices yeah yeah yeah like I said sure
go but you're doing I learned a lot a
year ago I like I said I stopped I
stopped streaming and I actually moved
in with my mom for a while and I was
just like they are taking care of her
and I was living a very slow life for a
while like I pretty much took a step
back from all of twitch all of that for
a long time and I was like doing like I
was meditating every day I was trying
all these new diets I was doing whatever
I could to fix my broken self like
straight up I was trying everything you
name it I was on the internet constant
like self-improvement blah blah blah
like meditation exercise sleep schedule
this that eat these vegetables you'll be
good eat this [ __ ] multivitamin
you'll be good right and I just realized
that like there's so much deep down pain
inside of myself that to get to that
sense of like enlightenment and feeling
light and free it's gonna take years and
years and years of work in my opinion
which I really don't have right now
because quite frankly like I put myself
in a position where I am pretty much
screwed unless I continue to grind like
you know I recently it's gonna take
years and years and years for you to be
so you can be fixed let's start but I
can be fixed but what I would need it is
a stress-free environment where I can
actually work on myself right
I that's one way to do it but I think
that too is once again your black and
white thinking right so you think that
that fixing yourself is a full-time job
that you can't do anything else during
either you're grinding or you're fixing
yourself yeah well yeah that's true I
think that I I wish I could balance
things man I really do yeah so if some
like someone doesn't know how to balance
things what do we do for them like so
let's say that I'm time working with a
15 year old kid who has trouble
balancing playing games and and like
study mm-hmm tell him to stop playing
games right do you think that works well
I mean if they're not gonna be the next
ninja they should probably quit anyway
right yeah I mean do you think that
that's that's do you think that's an
effective way to teach I mean I've I
would tell my kid like if they're going
to like try to be as good as they
possibly can be at the game and make a
career out of it [ __ ] it keep playing
but if you're just playing to like jerk
off then like stop like that's how
that's that's how I would make it I
completely I completely are that makes a
lot of sense to me because that is
exactly the way that you approach life
right so it's like black and white it's
either/or it's like either you be the
next ninja or you [ __ ] stop
there's no middle red well not even the
next ninja I mean [ __ ] you could even be
cool with my son being a shroud you know
like I mean anything
I'm just I'm just messing around but
yeah yeah like I think black and white
like that yeah like I wouldn't it's just
it's like if you're not gonna make
something of it why waste your time
doing it like you know yeah I mean I
think that's a good question
why do something if you're not going to
be the best
yeah and a lot of people do know I'm
actually asking you well I don't know
the thing is like why do something if
you don't want to be I guess for fun
right sure
yeah it's enjoyable I'm not saying
everything has to be I'm just saying
people should have their like main focus
and they should really focus on that and
that should be what they love doing
right so like if you love video games I
truly think that you should strive to be
the best at what you love and try and
make something out of it so you don't
have to do the other shady things in
life and you can actually work on your
passion and some someday that might
actually make you you know you can make
a career out of it right like that's I
think it's a good plan like doing what
you love
shouldn't trying to make a career out of
it that's why I would tell my son like
if you wants to play games then play but
be better than everyone else
you know okay so I'm a little bit
confused like does so if I if I have you
know so I am careful about how my kids
spend time in front of the screen and so
when I try to teach them as some degree
of restraint so I don't tell them that
they have to you know I tell them that
you have to do the things that you have
to do and then you can also spend some
time doing fun stuff but that is not
like an either/or that you can actually
do both what do you think about that
like what if what if like your 15 year
old comes home and then studies for a
couple of hours and does their homework
and between 6 & 8 p.m. they get to like
play whatever they want to and then
after bad if they've been a good kid
they get to play for a couple more hours
what do you think about that I mean if
they're 15 they're growing out there
they're living life there they're
playing with their friends I think
that's fine right but like you know I
think as people get older they need to
really Zone in on what they want to do
you know like rather than like [ __ ]
around and like doing things for fun I
feel like that kind of ends at some
point it definitely did for me you know
like I used to skateboard and like do
all these things for fun or whatever but
I knew that they weren't leading
anywhere right like like I used to play
[ __ ] League for fun and I would play
in silver [ __ ] too and it's just like
it was never gonna get me anywhere I'm
never gonna be an LCS League player
nobody's ever gonna watch my stream when
I play league right sorry why the
[ __ ] my time why do you have to be
somewhere why do you have to be
somewhere
so like no because like for some reason
it's something deep inside of me just
like urns for this like acceptance and
like it like tits is just doing
something and like making something of
myself right like I don't know something
deep inside me feels as though I've
failed and like I have to do something
more you know yeah so let's just pause
for a second now we're getting somewhere
right so understand that a lot of your
worldview is being informed by this
thing doesn't mean it's [ __ ] logical
doesn't mean it's rational you have a
sense that you need to accomplish
something and the older you get the
greater that sense grows the more behind
you feel the more you need to make up
for lost time hmm right the more the
less time you have to take care of
yourself and the harder you need to
grind because something within you says
that mitch is not good enough yeah
something whoever me says that inside of
myself have you ever been able to
satisfy it no well actually for like
maybe like one or two weeks at a time
like let's say I have some crazy stream
by like 20,000 viewers and made a lot of
money or whatever I feel like if I could
kept that keep that going and like I
could like make a living for myself and
it's Mitch pause for a second okay I I
know what you're gonna say so just think
about this okay so you have something
within you that even if you knock it out
of the park for a week or two and you
make a ton of money and everyone really
loves it that just sets a whole new bar
you can't be satisfied with it you you
feel satisfied for like one week and
then the hunger returns yeah yeah I
guess that's true so what do you think
about living a life that is structured
around this hunger inside you that
you've told me has never really been
satisfied like it will be satisfied
temporarily but then it all goes back to
the same [ __ ] and I truly sink I truly
think that the reason it's not satisfied
is not because I never got like where I
wanted to get it's cuz I never continued
like it's almost like this right like I
would get to where I want to be and then
I would quit and I would get to where I
want to be and I quit and then I get to
where I want to be in the neck Y never
consistently
they're like I've had so many
opportunities had I have just stayed
consistent to be you know one of the
biggest streamers on the platform like
years ago you know like in 2014 and [ __ ]
and I would just like take it for
granted and I would just play league
with my with my stoner friend all day
and I would just say well like [ __ ] it
like I've already I don't know like I
just never had the willpower to stay
consistent you know yeah that's because
mothers no willpower is not how people
are consistent willpower is not how
people are consistent so I think you're
adopting a losing strategy because yeah
you so I want you to try to do something
Mitch this is gonna be hard okay I want
you to try to I want you to try to look
at your thoughts the way that I see them
so you have you have a really good
reason to believe all the things that
you want to that you believe they're
very logical but I want you to try to
look at them from the outside mm-hmm
okay so I am hearing that you have
something within you that feels like
you're not good enough and that is what
really motivates you to success it
motivates you to grind right yes but can
I can i elaborate a bit yeah sure I
think that why I don't feel good enough
is because I've let so many
opportunities go you know what I mean
it's the fact that I could be somewhere
if I just wasn't so goddamn stupid
that's what bothers me the most it's not
that I you know it's not that I'm like
oh I need to be successful it's that I
had the opportunity and I [ __ ] it up
ten times in a row it bothers me so much
that's what so why do people [ __ ] up
good things I don't know why did I [ __ ]
it up cuz I thought it would be there
forever I thought I was good you know I
thought I thought I thought I would see
it what do you think about someone who
blames themself for something that they
don't understand
they're lost sure do you think they're
deserving of blame if they don't
understand what the [ __ ] is going on
yeah really yeah because I think
everyone can it depends on the situation
obviously but I think you can get to a
place where you understand right like
just saying I don't understand is like
almost playing like dumb right sure but
do you understand at this point I do
understand the mistakes I made in the
past yeah I do I don't think you do I
don't understand yourself at all because
you're telling me that you have
opportunity after opportunity after
opportunity and you you squander it and
squander it and squander it yes and you
don't seem like a stupid person to me so
I think that there's there are large
tectonic forces within you that caused
you to do things that you beat yourself
up for but you don't understand why the
[ __ ] you how you work like it's like
I've always noticed that I've always had
the that's true you blame yourself for
not understanding it's like it's like
you're you know you don't understand why
this why David isn't functioning
properly but sure as hell will blame
yourself for it
even though you don't understand so it's
like like I I mean what if you like but
that's dumb I don't think you can blame
yourself like you can blame yourself if
you understand what's actually happening
mm-hmm I think it's dumb to blame
yourself if you don't understand you
know it's like if this is gonna sound
kind of completely crazy but you know
like so kids blame themselves for stupid
[ __ ] all the time and it's not their
fault like they'll blame themselves for
like really crazy things like their
parents getting cancer somehow kids will
like they don't understand how things
work but that doesn't stop them from
blaming themselves does that make sense
to you that makes perfect sense yeah see
that was an analogy I understood I got
yeah that makes perfect sense
I don't know I don't know how I can
relate that to myself like I'm not you
know I can relate it as a tad to myself
but I truly think that my problems were
created by me not by cancer or something
out of my control
you know yeah so if you can control them
why aren't you
well I'm working on taking steps to
doing that I think I think I wasn't self
liar why don't you give yourself any
slack for that that's what I don't
understand like I see I don't know I
just don't
so that just don't change my friend and
also it doesn't help that twitchchat it
reminds me every [ __ ] day you know
what I mean like they twitch a is very
you know they are I mean they're very
like whatever and they're gonna remind
me of all my fuck-ups so like I have to
be aware of them I have to like soak in
I don't think I don't think you
understand what your fuck-ups really are
because I I think all you I just tell
you all of them trust no no no what's
the etiquette - I'm sure that you can
point to lots of things externally about
your life that you think you made
mistakes about but I don't think you're
appreciating that what that a human
being has all kinds of forces within
them that cause them to do things that
they don't understand
like when I see someone who screws up
time and time and time again I don't
think that the person is deficient
because generally speaking I think most
human beings are like not just Domon
crappy at life I think that there are
real psychological spiritual whatever
you want to call it there are forces
within you that shape your behavior
which most people are ignorant to I
agree with that 100% it's almost like
there's like two people or something
right there's like you and there's the
there's that like dry that like makes
you you know whatever yes so so I think
you're trying to live life like you're
trying to drive a car but you're blind
you're like driving blind and you're
like how do they how do I see perfect
that's the question oh I would like to
see so it starts with this okay okay
yeah so when you sets yours so actually
let me just think for a second how can I
just answer it for you let's start with
this
how long have you felt like you're a
failure um ever since probably like 2016
that's when I got really bad that's when
it got really bad tell me when it
started
it started around that time honestly
before all of that [ __ ] I really didn't
even think about life the way I think
about it now like how did you think I
used to I used to just like wake up play
World of Warcraft she don't ever run and
go to bed and I was completely content
with that life I loved every second of
it and I truly didn't think the way I
think now I really didn't have any I
didn't think I was a failure if I lost
the game I would just be like okay I'm
gonna [ __ ] on them tomorrow whatever you
know like I never had that attitude of
like I [ __ ] up everything you know
that only really really started after
like twitch how old are you playing
World of Warcraft like that well I
played from like 18 to like 23 I'd say
like pretty religiously and that's also
how I became straight like a streamer on
Twitch ones tell me a little bit about
what middle school was like for you all
middle school was amazing man I
literally love middle school everyone Oh
middle school is [ __ ] great dude I
have so many stories I probably can't
say here but yeah like let's just say I
was pretty cool in middle school and I
had a very good social life I wasn't the
best in school but like I just started
you know experimenting with like women
you know my penis started working etc
and like it was it was nice okay so you
you had fun and you didn't think you
were a failure and you felt good about
yourself yes yes yes I I felt great
about myself in middle school but this
was also when my mom was still good you
know yeah so tell me about your school
high school was uh okay so my my
freshman year I was kind of like
transitioning I actually went to an all
guys high school I had to it was like a
private school I had to wear like a tie
every day was very strict school right
and that was different than what I was
used to so I'd like a uniform and all
dudes in blah blah blah and my dad
really wanted me to succeed you know
like my dad's always been giving me this
like hard-ass attitude like you have to
make something of yourself like you know
like so my freshman year I was really
focused and I would try my best to like
you know be on time do all my schoolwork
I actually did pretty well my freshman
and sophomore year and then my sophomore
year
I think it was happy yeah I really think
that was the time in my life where my
dad was probably the most like proud of
me yeah you know I was playing sports
and I I mean it felt as though I was
living I was living to please my father
you know like it didn't it's not
particularly I didn't particularly enjoy
doing those things you know like I
didn't feel like a grind yeah did it
feel like everyday you know like school
is my the school I went to was was hard
man like it was it was a difficult
school and my first two years I was
doing very very well and then and then
my mother got sick my sophomore year or
like that and myself pause for a second
but I just want to just understand what
was going on within you during your
freshman and sophomore years so sounds
like like you were working really hard
you were also delaying a lot of
gratification yes you were being very
conscientious and diligent yes you were
grinding yeah grinding yeah what
happened to the fun middle school kid
III I just I had to grow like my dad
made me know like I remember the summer
going into my and into high school my
dad told me like shit's gonna be
different you need to focus like you
have to make something you have to do
this like I want you to go to a good
college like you need to focus this is a
very important time in your life and my
dad instilled that in me like super
heavily and that's what we're instilling
just the fact that I had to stop you
know because in middle school I'ma be
honest my grades were trash like I was
just I was having a good time sure and I
didn't really care about school I was
kind of just like doing my thing and
whatever you know making friends having
a good time and then my dad told me
that's not gonna fly anymore like you
can't keep doing that like you have to
he said when he said that to you do you
remember how you felt I felt as though I
had to I I really I really accepted it
you know I felt as though I had to
change I remember thinking about it
about yourself
um honestly it didn't really matter to
me anyway like like I didn't feel any
type of way I was more of just like I
like doing I would have rather have
jerked off and [ __ ] around and and
trust me later on in high school I
started doing that but like sure uh yeah
like it didn't it didn't I was just
happy that I was making my dad proud
that made that did that did make me feel
good you know
yeah so you you enjoyed you enjoyed
making him proud you also did it feel
like you were kind of getting your like
did what he said sort of sink in with
you like you felt like okay I'm kind of
a little bit of a [ __ ] so maybe I do
need to get my [ __ ] in gear yeah oh I
definitely I definitely thought that way
yeah like I went through a rough phase
from when I switched I switched from
like a public school to private school
in actually in middle school and I
remember it was a rough transition for
me because I was like moving away from
all my other friends blah blah blah like
I used to I I used to get my mom hell
man like I would I would just go to
school and I wouldn't even put my
clothes on cuz I told him I wasn't gonna
go there so I Lily get in the car naked
and just just I'm not going I'm not
going I swear I was not going should man
that makes me miss my mom so [ __ ]
much yeah what did she do she was just
so [ __ ] loving man I don't know she
would she would just try she was she was
such a pushover dude like you know she
was such a pushover man she anything
anything I wanted she gave me to me
anything and then my dad was the
opposite right like but my mom was just
like she was like almost like sneakily
like try and like give me my way without
telling her don't tell your father you
know what I mean you guys you guys were
like you guys were like thick as thieves
yes yes yes my mom to this day is the
only person I ever trusted and I ever
loved I will I will stand by that I've
never felt the same connection with
anyone ever
and I honestly don't think I'll ever
feel that way again with anyone I've had
major trust issues since since since all
of that like major major major trust
issues which was that since all of what
since I think it's since I lost my mom I
just went off the deep end man like
since I lost like the it's not that
she's gone it's just I lost her like
just like her spunk everything about her
man is just [ __ ] I just I just miss it
I miss it man I wish I could have one
more conversation with her and be like
listen mom I love you and I need to
understand like I just wish I could have
that that would be that would be so nice
but obviously it's not gonna what would
you say to her I would just tell her how
good of a parent she was and it's not
her fault you know like anything that
happened is not her fault and that she
really really was she really still lays
to this day the only reason that I
actually have like any ounce of like
humanity left cuz I swear I've become
like a [ __ ] robot you know like I
swear to god dude with all that [ __ ]
with twitch and everything I swear to
god I've become a [ __ ] robot man it
sounds like she anything you alive yeah
definitely for sure I didn't want to put
it that way cuz you know whatever but
that's that's definitely true I've
definitely had my moments of feeling
that way yeah yeah why can't you say
that to her honestly when I see her
nowadays I I just can't I I so hard for
me to deal with like I use in a
wheelchair and she's yeah it's just so
[ __ ] hard I can't explain it man I
break down every time I see her dude
like I went back east actually a couple
months ago and you know my life's been
pretty rough the last four months or so
I actually lost my partnership with
twitch I don't know if you knew about
this but I lost my partnership with
twitch like four months ago I'm a boob
and uh okay well yeah I lost my
partnership with twitch four months ago
and pretty much a lot of my income has
been taken away from me which kind of
sucks it actually really [ __ ] sucks
not it's my fault
I made a I made a huge mistake I [ __ ]
up but but yeah I've definitely I've
definitely felt the repercussions of
that I mean [ __ ] like I I when I first
got I don't know where I'm kind of going
all over the place but that's okay yeah
I don't mean to like it off topic or
anything
I just okay on top of yeah that's okay
yeah that'd just be what's that talking
is it okay if I interrupt and direct you
from
time oh yeah there's no problem with
that yeah I'm just asking you if you
because I'll go off on tangents a longer
because there's a lot of there's a lot
of ground to make free for you you know
for us yeah no kappapride white what do
you think why do you think that there's
a lot of ground to cover
I just think there is there's a lot
there's really is a lot my life has been
very eventful full of like ups and downs
and craziness right so there's nothing a
lot for sure yeah how much of how much
of what do you think we've covered so
far do you think we've covered a lot I
think we've covered about yeah I'd say
we covered a good amount for sure yeah
definitely but a lot of the things
there's still a lot we haven't covered
as well but true is definitely stuff
again you tell me how you feel when you
see your mom
yeah I feel helpless I feel helpless I
feel I can't help her and it eats away
at me inside and I would honestly rather
just avoid it like I'll go and see her
but I just put out this like mental wall
where I'm just like alright I'm not I'm
not gonna feel anything
you know what I mean yeah very well
right yeah I'll put up this wall where
I'm just like whatever you need mom I
got you you need food I'll get it for
you you need this I'll get it for you
like I'll do anything for you know what
I mean what's pretty behind the wall I
would just break down constantly man I I
can't deal with it I can't I can't deal
with it when I see her and in this state
that she's in it breaks my [ __ ] heart
to the point where I
I just can't function man like I would I
just can't like I break down III I was
freaking out like I remember you know
recently I was there and I was just like
it was just everyday I was just crying
and lashing out and just unstable you
know what I mean sure so what do you
think happens to all those feelings when
you're not with her I try and suppress
all of them and just focus on my job
yeah and how do you think that they
continue to like so like let's say that
someone has you know what just let's
talk about someone else for a second
okay so now I'm gonna ask you to step
outside of your shoes like this is gonna
be hard for you but I want you to try
okay so let's say that there's someone
who has you know all these emotions that
cause them to like lash out at people
and break down
and stuff like that and then you know
that those emotions kind of get
triggered or come out in a particular
situation and then once they leave that
situation they're kind of like they
appear to be functioning normally and
and yeah do you think that that person
would be functioning normally I think
that they can put on the mask that
they're functioning normally even though
they might be very much so in pain
inside but that's kind of like how do
you think how do you think that that
affects what they try to like do you
think that that person will be very
successful
I think some some some types of people
in those situations could be and others
the weights too much and they crack
right I think that's yeah how does that
what does that look like what is well
what's crack to look like like how would
you know when someone cracking cracking
is just like throwing in the towel and
just saying [ __ ] and giving in to
your emotions you know that's cracking
cracking is what I have done the last
four months man
like that's cracking you know I got
banned on Twitch
I lost my partnership I [ __ ] up I
literally became like a [ __ ] gambling
addict for a while like I had a lot of
money saved up and I pretty much lost
like every dollar gambling when I went
back east like there's a lot of casinos
where I'm from in Maryland and I've
always had a problem with like poker and
like blackjack and stuff like that and I
went back home and I just I was at the
casino 16 hours a day I don't know why I
just didn't want to deal with my home
life because I knew I had to go back
home and deal with it and like I was
like [ __ ] like I'll just maybe I'll
get lucky gambling and I won't have the
stream and or something like yeah
there's something stupid and irrational
came inside of me but recently I
actually put myself in a super financial
hole that I've never been in in my life
you know I've never been in this
situation and I I did I did this I did
this to myself recently a hundred
percent like I [ __ ] up
yeah so that's not something I entirely
agree with so it look can I help you out
can I share a little bit about what I
see and what I think is going on oh yeah
sure
so like you're I don't think this really
happens anymore but you know like wow
you used to have like a resurrection
debuff yes and like when you had the res
debuff like do you remember like what
happened to your stats and stuff yeah
they they got they got reduced by a lot
like a [ __ ] ton right like 90% yeah not
yeah and and so what happens if you like
try to do like a raid and you have the
rez debuff you feed and you lose okay so
what I think is going on with you Mitch
is that you were playing the game of
life and you're losing catastrophic Lee
over and over and over again and you
basically have a rez debuff that you're
not aware of oh that's a good analogy
what do you think about that I think I
gotta wait 10 minutes and queue up again
yeah but that's the thing right so you
don't do so 10 minutes is not how you
actually get rid of the residue buff in
real life you actually have to get rid
of that debuff and I think I think so so
let me tell you what I'm hearing right
so I hear a guy who's pretty intelligent
and pretty driven and when they put
their mind to something they can really
accomplish a lot and I also hear that
you have this wall within you behind
which is all kinds of just bizarre
abject feelings of of loss grief
loneliness brokenness that you're a
failure
and somehow you're actually functioning
in life with all that [ __ ] behind the
wall and then that's fair and then
you're you're confused when like you
don't understand why when your mind when
you try to put your mind to something it
doesn't happen properly and it's like
yeah because you have this [ __ ] res
debuff on you and and I just don't I
think you grossly like underestimate
what you're capable of not because
you're and this is the thing about the
res debuff it's not like your stats are
actually bad right like your stats are
good you're high level you have good
gear all of it like alt meat you went
when you look at someone who's got a res
debuff and you look at their
everything looks normal and so that
person if I just took like a screenshot
of someone's like gear in their level
and they're like like hotkeys and stuff
like that and I looked at that that Wow
character I said okay this person should
be able to down this raid boss mm-hmm
then it's just one tiny little icon
right because that's what the rez debuff
looks like it's a tiny tiny tiny icon
but boy is it worth a lot and you don't
see it on the character sheet and I
think you're going through life in
you're blaming yourself because you've
got this rez debuff that's like off in
the corner of your screen and you look
at yourself you say oh I have all this
gear I'm max level I have this I have
this I'm capable of this
and then sometimes heroically the
[ __ ] crazy thing is that sometimes
you actually down the raid boss with the
[ __ ] rez debuff sometimes you're able
to do it for like a month
okay I can I can really really tall
you're saying this analogies yeah I
totally go we're saying right cuz you
feel that rez debuff it's there within
you the sense of you being [ __ ]
broken what do you think that is that's
the rez debuff yeah how on earth do you
think you're gonna be successful when
that [ __ ] is eating you alive from the
inside it's definitely a lot harder yeah
it's like it's amazing that you've done
what you've done I think it's it's
amazing people will think you're a
[ __ ] hacker if you're like downing
bosses with the rest debuff they're like
this guy's [ __ ] hacker that's
actually that's a it's a great analogy
man it helps me really - yeah I get what
you're saying
that's what am I saying you're saying
that I'm pretty much living life with
[ __ ] balls on my ankles and I'm
somehow still doing [ __ ] right yeah so
what do you think what does that person
deserve right so if we're gonna judge
that person do we do we judge them and
do we say oh this person [ __ ] sucks
at life or do we actually respect them
well if your twitch at you would just
don't worry about it okay if you're a
human yeah
okay so twitch chess not humans don't
worry about twitch chat we're not gonna
skate okay okay okay okay don't twitch
that alright so sorry can you it's can
you a happy what do you think that
person deserves from us what should we
think about that person I mean they did
I I think help honestly I don't know
there's anything that people can do to
help I can't help like when I see people
that are as broken as me I I gravitate
towards that for some reason like it
makes me feel like I'm not alone you
know so like I like to help those type
of people in any way that I can yeah I
do like to help people do you try to
help yourself oh yeah yeah I say i I
mean I have in the past yeah like I said
I took a year off twitch to try to find
myself and all I found was trash so I
don't know I've definitely had my
moments of trying to help myself yes but
then I put those on hold and try and
help my you know my job or other people
or whatever you know I'm happy to hear
you say that I'm also a little bit
surprised I think you treat yourself
very differently from other people with
the res debuffs wait why is that I think
you blame yours I mean I think you you
judge yourself for I don't think you
treat I don't think you treat yourself
well yeah I definitely don't
I definitely don't and I I try to like
well I try to do like the health stuff
like I try and eat well and you know I
try and keep the bare minimum to say ah
very good so so be not now now we get to
the crux of it right so I'm not saying
that you don't try to do things to make
your life better I just don't think you
treat yourself well I think you do a lot
of things to try to improve your life
and one may assume that just because
you're trying to improve your life that
you feel like compassion towards
yourself but I don't think you do I
think you try to just improve your life
because your life has to change but I
don't think you actually treat yourself
very kindly yeah I don't
yeah that's true I do yeah I don't like
myself I don't like where I'm at
I don't like what I've become and
honestly if I could do it all over I
would I wouldn't do what I've done
that's honestly how I feel yeah so what
what are we what emotion is that do you
know like regret and like absolutely
yeah
so speaking of grief um I mean do you
feel like you're grieving right now I
truly think that I'm grieving every day
of my life and you I know honey
and I know how to put a smile on my face
and I know how to be [ __ ] Mitch Jones
on twitch you know but when I'm all
alone and the cameras are off it's it's
not good yeah I guess so I think so let
me tell you something Mitch I think I
think you can get better so by the way
for some reason people are calling you
the raid boss apparently when it comes
to with your the your my raid boss yeah
yeah yeah you can't you can't you can't
fix me dude I'm a hard boss bro I mean
IFIF this is a raid boss its I am Mitch
I think you can be I think you can get
better I'm I'm more hopeful about you
than I am about many many people that I
talk to and I think it's just because
you've got such it so it's hard to fix
someone who doesn't have a res debuff
right like yeah because they're just
lost in their own yeah like if you just
[ __ ] suck it Wow and you like don't
know how to like push buttons then I
can't help you
yeah but the thing is you don't suck I
think I think what's going on with you
is that you have so let me just take a
step back so if we think about behavior
I'm gonna just say a couple of random
things okay so my turn to be kind of
tangential and all over the place yeah
you know first thing is we think about
behavior your mind and your brain has a
lot of stuff that goes into whether you
engage in a behavior yes right so like
if I want to drink this water for
example like I can have an internal
sense of thirst I can have some like
logical part of me that says oh I should
drink eight glasses of water and I
should stay hydrated there can also be
things like availability like so if the
water is right in front of me I'm much
more likely to drink it then if the
water was like in the next room right
mm-hmm
so there are a lot of things that go
into behavior
and I think a big thing that goes into
behavior that people don't understand is
like emotions so generally speaking if
we want to do something like delay
gratification and control our impulses
and like all the stuff that we think
about is maturity like would you
describe yourself as immature in some
ways yes yes it depends on which aspects
I'd say 90% of aspects yes I'm immature
believes that 10% of me that is very
aware and mature yeah so I think so I
think when I think about people who view
themselves as immature the number one
the reason they we call it immaturity is
because there's a part of your brain
called your frontal lobes which does
things like delay gratification and
plans tasks over long periods of time
and execute them in a consistent manner
so that's like maturity it's like [ __ ]
like paying a mortgage that's your
frontal lobes so when I when I think
about things that interfere with the
function of the frontal lobes suppress
emotion is at the top of the list hmm so
generally speaking when I work with
people who's like frontal lobes are just
not working properly ie they're behaving
immaturely like they're just not able to
be consistent in life they can do things
they can use willpower for brief periods
of time or even days or weeks at a time
to suppress all of their negative
emotion but at some point that negative
emotion comes up and actually like
starts affecting you yeah you get up
I've noticed that person yeah sometimes
I'm just [ __ ] like I used to have a
panic disorder and I swear that was
related to this like I used to have a
very bad anxiety very very bad yeah like
I was the biggest hypochondriac you
would ever know like literally like I
was I was [ __ ] bad and so that that
anxiety and panic disorder has now
started to manifest in different ways
yeah in the chats gone yeah
so I anxiety for me is like weirdly like
just like vanished instead it's more of
just like yeah go ahead anyways yeah so
I think that whatever it was that showed
up as an anxiety problem for you is now
showing up in other ways the problem is
that those ways are subtle and you don't
see them but you [ __ ] blame yourself
for them right so like you don't you
don't see like you don't understand why
you do so
and things but you sure as hell will
beat yourself up for it but I think the
problem is that you've got like you know
cuz you're in trying to engage in a
particular behavior or you engage in
like gambling or something like that
because you've got the idea
gambling was my vice man gambling I
swear to god when I was gambling all of
it goes away and I'm just in the moment
you know what I mean
yep so this is what we've got to do
buddy so like all this [ __ ] is pent up
inside you and I think the reason that
you're sucking it life for lack of a
better term is because of this stuff I
don't think it's because you actually
just suck it like I think this is the
rez debuff and I think you can see it
there are times when you notice it but
just think about this for a second okay
just think about this if you like walk
into a room and you see your mom and you
become overwhelmed with emotion like
where the [ __ ] do you think that goes
when you leave the room I don't know I
just think like does it just disappear
is that how we work no it probably just
goes somewhere inside of me and some
weird muscle and then yeah something
yeah something that and then what it
does is it it turns in so in when you're
in the room with her it's like not a
tiny deep off in the corner of your
screen that's affecting all of your
stats
it's like front and center and then when
you leave the room all of that front and
center stuff becomes a tiny little
debuff in the corner of your screen that
reduces your SATs by 90% and then you go
on living life and then you fail
willpower check after willpower check
because like you're just debuffed
like really really bad yeah no I know
that feeling I mean I'm exhausted a lot
of the time like just like [ __ ]
exhausted so this is important because
now I'm gonna tell you something so the
mind
maintaining that wall it's not a
permanent wall it's like a spell that
you have to cast over and over and over
and over and over again so you maintain
a mana all the time boom dude you're
you're and you've got a res debuff and
you're trying to live life like this
because like no wonder you're exhausting
because keeping that [ __ ] at bay like
you realize how much of like that's like
it's like a burning hot Sun of emotion
there's so much of it just think about
how much your subconscious mind is like
spending mana like keeping that [ __ ] at
bay
yeah like that's crazy man mm-hmm
but you get that so how how do I stop
living life boom yeah great so you got
to actually deal with the feelings
underneath right so you've got actually
Clint so I want you to think about the
debuff is a pile of emotion that is just
on your back
it's like baggage like literally like
you're just you're not only out of em
you like I have all this inventory space
like you can't loot anything because all
of your inventory is filled with this
crap question though yesin good is it
possible to just like reroll and like
play like a warrior no mana just rain oh
no I mean I
whatever the resources I mean so it's
not okay I mean ruling in theory in
theory that's possible in some ways but
no Kay not beyond the scope of this
conversation we're not gonna have Yuri
roll all right nobody rolling because
you're not still enough yeah you're
you're we're not done with you yet Mitch
all right sounds good so what you've got
to do is actually like process that
stuff man so like like this is the thing
where it's so painful to process that
[ __ ] like you it's I think you probably
do get it like there it's just so it's
so like when I process those things I'm
broken as [ __ ] and if I'm trying to also
stream at the same time twitch chat sees
that I'm unstable and they feed off of
it yeah yeah so you can try can do this
on door chat yeah but like how am I
gonna continue streaming while at the
same time I'm leaking emotional baggage
less than Errol so you don't wanna you
don't you don't want to leak emotional
baggage left and right you want to take
some time and effort and take time out
of your day right so this is where we
learn some work/life balance where
you've got to start like like cleansing
those debuffs and cleaning out that
inventory space and yeah you know
drinking your crystal water or whatever
to get your mana back like you've oh I
do that attitude I I swear without my
regimens of like my weird health
regimens I'd be [ __ ] just because of
the amount of like [ __ ] yeah like dude I
have these weird-ass regimens where I
drink like veggie juice every day I
drink these massive smoothies of just
like massive em
vegetables like I swear if I was eating
a trash diet and living I would be
[ __ ] dead like right yeah so this is
this is how you're able to function well
so let's just think about this you can
down the raid boss because you have the
res debuff but then you also have like
all these food buffs and then like
you've got people who are brewing you
potions and then you get like you know
arcane intellect and like all that other
crap so like you're by yourself every
day and if you stop but what this is the
thing that's just a [ __ ] hard way to
live life [ __ ] like you you get that
like you can't live a normal life
because you have to you do all of these
things like veggie juices and stuff
because you have this gigantic pile of
[ __ ] on your back yeah that's like my
mana pots and like without them yeah
you're like Kane chugging and like
you're buffing yourself to be like
functional yeah right but like the the
problem here the root of the problem is
that we have to deal with that negative
emotion we've got to digest and
metabolize that and free you of that but
there's so many different like the
negative emotion is almost consuming to
where I truly have a negative outlook on
the world like ice actually believe that
like people especially on Twitch like
the friends I made here etc I don't
trust and I like hardly any of them
yeah no each of these things has to be
dealt with right so the first one
there's one that I've been trying to
hammer into you over and over and over
again today the first of your cognitive
biases that needs to be addressed do you
know what it is yeah the Resik miss
right no no yeah so that that's more of
a deeper sense but there's a subtle
cognitive I so I keep on talking about
black and white thinking okay so that's
ready to work on is my black and white
thinking you need to work on a lot of
stuff but yeah so what the first thing
is that the world isn't black and white
right like it's not I believe
III truly believe it is I believe I know
you there yeah like I do really think
the world has like it's just bad and
then there's some good and it's just
like most people are just selfish and
out for themselves it's just the way I
view life yeah so so that that's got it
so Mitch this is this is gonna take time
okay but I think that there's a lot here
there's the sense of failure so that
needs to be addressed
there's just the fact that you view
things in black and white and that's a
real problem because the
prevents that that walls off your
solution space as long as you see the
world is black and white and as long as
you blame yourself for example which I
think you've made some progress on do
you see that do you feel like you're I
do yeah I do see that yeah what's
different between now and when we
started talking in terms of your self
flame well I can recognize it better
very good
is anything else just hmm no I'll
probably still blame myself for a lot of
[ __ ] I shouldn't but I definitely will
recognize I'm doing that but I don't
know if that matters being self-aware is
something I've always I've I've always
like had a like I wouldn't say gift but
I've always been self-aware like yeah
say that like I've always known so I
want you to listen I want you to listen
to this [ __ ] stop this okay okay so
you see you just said a statement I
blame myself for a lot of stuff that I
shouldn't yes think about that for a
second but I also blame myself for a lot
of things that I should as well yeah but
so don't just jump off the thought think
about the thought I blame myself for a
lot of stuff that I shouldn't that said
it sounds weird to me mm-hmm
do you have any idea what I think is
weird about it
honestly I don't I think I I think if
you recognize that you shouldn't blame
yourself for it that's a huge step
forward mm-hmm right because at the
beginning you it was in like like you
just said your mind tried to go there
right and I blame myself for a lot of
stuff that I should by the way mm-hmm so
your mind very quickly goes to things
like because you're comfortable with
blaming yourself but the fact that you
can say I blame myself for a lot of
stuff that I shouldn't is actually huge
mm-hmm because you do blame yourself and
now you're able to see that you are
actually not very kind to yourself
that what you really should do is cut
yourself a little bit more slack right
I'm not asking you to absolve yourself
of all responsibility but can we can we
agree that you should cut yourself like
a little bit more slack yeah yeah we can
do that how does that feel to you feels
like feels like it's gonna be difficult
to start but once I implement the
changes and if I can do them
consistently it could have a big impact
on me wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
wrong wrong on that also future its
future oriented thinking if I can be
consistent if I can do this then one day
I will be the way that I want to be like
do you see that it's all at
future-oriented consistent you're
setting yourself up for failure right
there the goal is not to be forgiving
towards yourself tomorrow and the next
day and the next day and every day
because that's where your mind jumps to
the goal is to be free forgive yourself
and be kind to yourself when right now
that's it nothing more nothing less
in the moment right now forgiving myself
how do you feel about that how do you
feel about just doing something in the
moment and not worrying about tomorrow I
feel as though that's a recipe for
disaster
very good so that also we need to change
right because tomorrow tomorrow is just
now there is no thing except for the now
yes true in the moment is always ever
it's all we have and so now I'm gonna
ask you again if you can get good at
doing something in the moment what does
that mean for your future
I don't know that's a tough question
good so think about it right so now
we're headed somewhere so we got to
retain we got to reshape the way that
you view the world and the way that you
view yourself and your perception of
time and all this good [ __ ] but this is
what I want you go ahead sorry no no no
I just yeah I agree with that heavily
yeah yeah so we got to start by having
you so like like how are you like we got
to teach you how to be nice to yourself
like now not tomorrow not consistently
not for the rest of your life just right
now just right now can you do that I
mean sure I can try I can definitely try
to do that what is what is being nice to
yourself what the [ __ ] does that even
mean how do you do that help me out
having a good spank I don't know doing
something you enjoy to do like right
actually that's not what I'm looking for
so I think when you do something that
you enjoy doing that is actually gonna
step away from the emotions right it's
gonna be it's gonna help you step out a
distraction so that's a spank is just
gonna be a distraction and like it like
sometimes you're feeling down and hurt
on the inside and then you have yourself
a good wink and then as soon as you're
done what happens to the feelings of
loneliness and dejection they're just
still there yeah absolutely
right so that we don't want to do a good
spank that's not what we're looking for
true okay okay so good so nice Biggs
okay all right so what I want you to do
is is try to be okay I'm just gonna
think about how to say this so if
there's no distractions because you said
what do you know what do you do to
reward yourself not reward when you're
feeling when you're beating yourself up
you know when you're beating yourself up
yeah I do yeah yeah okay so I want you
to imagine what your mom would say to
you
hmm you know I I honestly don't know
anymore man like ii-i've lost that I've
lost haven't I think you know what I
don't say you [ __ ] up before what did
she say to you when you [ __ ] up what
did she say to you when you showed up
naked in your car ready for something
she would just say that you know she was
just saying the nicest way possible
loving way possible about you know how
to go forward right make she would just
be like and that's what you need to do
for yourself because that's the [ __ ]
exact opposite of what you do yourself
hmm because you don't say to yourself in
the nicest possible way how to move
forward you do the exact [ __ ]
opposite you call yourself a [ __ ]
[ __ ] and you blame yourself yeah
that's yeah that's what you need to
learn how to do in the moment in the
nicest way possible in the most loving
and patient way possible encourage
yourself to move forward because you're
the here's the amazing thing about that
your mom never asked you to like be
consistent about wearing clothes for the
rest of your life right didn't care
about that what did she care about she
just cared about that moment absolutely
helping me understand that moment
absolutely right she didn't say oh and
you've got to get dressed
every day for the rest of your life no
she was like how can we just get some
[ __ ] clothes on you for now yeah yeah
for right now just to go to school yep
yeah and that's what's got to change and
the thing is Mitch she's she's she's
helping you out way more than you even
realize you just have to let yourself be
helped by her right now yeah so I think
she's taught you what you need to do for
yourself you just haven't learned it
mm-hmm that's yeah yeah okay yeah man
I've been distracting myself for so long
you know very good no wonder you haven't
been getting better yeah but there was
like one year where I stopped
distracting myself and really looked
with inside myself and you don't
understand like oh yeah
I don't mean to make it seem like bigger
than any most his problems but it just
to me it was like it was very difficult
you know oh I completely very difficult
so yeah like every day was hard man like
I had I don't know like I was definitely
getting somewhere with healing myself
for sure but it almost felt like to do
that I have to go through hell to get to
the other side you know yeah so I think
the big mistake you're making the big
strategic make mistake you're making is
that you spent a year trying to fix
yourself and who was helping you no one
no this is me that's the problem
I was alone that whole year and I liked
it I liked it so I liked it but but let
me tell you something when it comes to
problems of this magnitude you need help
you can do it on your own and I agree
with you it'll take years but the thing
is the thing is dr. K let me let me
explain to you another recurring problem
I have okay so I understand what you're
saying and I understand exactly that
that is true I do need help but the
another issue that I do have is I will
find these people in my life that will
paint themselves as the perfect help for
me right
and instead of actually giving a [ __ ]
about trying to help me it will almost
always be them being selfish and trying
to get something from me and I always
feel betrayed afterwards and it makes me
literally feel like humans [ __ ] suck
and I just I just [ __ ] give up you
understand like I have had a [ __ ]
issue with like trusting people that
paint themselves as this almighty Savior
for me and like it just [ __ ] me time
and time again like it's an issue I have
because I always look for the easy way
out right and when somebody paints you
the picture of the easy way out it's
almost like hell yeah let's do it
you know and I fall for this every time
dr. K every single time yes so I think
you're doing the first step right which
is that you're you see it was
interesting I wish I could I wish you
could hear things through my ears
because I see so many solutions to that
problem in the way that you describe it
because you recognize that there is a
part of you that always looks for the
easy way out
and yes and I latch onto like other
people so now we get back to the that
you don't understand what's going on in
your mind right so there are forces and
influences that eat despite this
happening time and time and time again
someone offers you a salvation and the
easy road out and there is something
within you that is just so [ __ ]
hungry for it that you can't help
yourself
I really can't that's very true
and even though even it even if I'm
super aware that it could be a negative
situation I still am like [ __ ] it like
maybe this will work it's like one of
those like get-rich-quick schemes you
don't mean yeah so then I I don't think
you're you're fully aware because that
[ __ ] it maybe this will work is once
again something within you that is
hungry that I don't think you fully
understand okay because like like it so
this is the thing you're not dumb but
you keep on making this mistake so in
Alaia
it's like a self repeating prophecies
yes I'll send you a paper called the
repetition compulsion very well
characterized within the field of
psychology and psychiatry okay so like
that people basically repeat something
over and over and over again
despite the fact that it's dumb because
there's like a powerful psychological
driver the more stupid your behaviors
are Mitch I want you to understand this
the more powerful the psychological togs
are does that make sense because in
order to get you to do something dumb
over and over and over again there has
to be something really really strong
within you that's pushing you to do that
thing that's fair right instead of
blaming yourself I think what you need
to understand is that you have some
gigantic things within you mm-hmm
and and you're you're and those things
are driving you to repeat behaviors over
and over and over again
that kind of screw you over and then
what happens is like you're so busy you
like judging yourself for [ __ ] it up
again that you never stop in or like
curious about why you did this in the
first place mm-hmm and when you are
curious because you are curious from
time to time you take time and you
reflect on things it's clear to me that
you're very intelligent you reflect a
lot which is awesome you just need some
is that also bad to reflect too much is
that no no it's nothing
not if you're reflecting properly now
sometimes people will get into thought
loops which are unproductive so they'll
think the same thing over and over and
over again and they'll think that that
is reflection that is not reflection but
yeah that's been calling those mental
Lucifer yeah so I think generally
speaking I mean I don't think you can
reflect too much if you're really doing
productive reflection I think you just
understand more and more about yourself
and eventually you become enlightened
yeah but in your case like oh my god to
feel not heavy every day would be
[ __ ] amazing yeah so that starts so
enlightenment is it you can do it now so
just close your eyes close your eyes
okay closing my others wait can I pee
first
yeah go pee okay thank you okay
I'm gonna okay we're gonna take a
bathroom break and then let me see I got
to get more tea okay also guys
this is the final boss is that
okay hold on [ __ ] midgets gonna be
he's gonna be I think he's gonna do okay
like we just need some time with him
I'm gonna take a quick ad break I've
been trying to not read chat so much
just to have a genuine experience that's
all so I didn't win a stream on my
channel as well because I know that I
get carried away with like you know Chad
stuff I'm trying to just really take
this serious and uh you know you don't I
mean so I think it's the best plan of
action hi feel enriched I'm feeling good
I'm feeling good I'm feeling you know
I'm feeling like what am I going to
understand some things more so than I
did and I feel as though uh I I feel as
though I'm almost like locked like I'm
like hard stuck and like I need to fix
that
yep that's what I've gone to yeah so so
so this is so you gotta once again be
careful because you can't fix it you're
not gonna think so okay you're just
gonna do different today okay what's the
difference the difference is right now
in the moment I'm gonna try to work on
things you've said and not be myself up
as much and there's something else
yeah good yeah it was not blaming myself
as much and try and work on it now and
put my clothes on and go to school
beautiful okay God so and then we're
gonna teach you how to meditate so you
are you have some experience in
meditation oh yeah yeah I've I've and
quite frankly when I meditate I just
really feel as though like
it's almost like a negative experience
for me
like I don't know how to explain it like
yeah tell me about it I like well I if I
meditate before sleep I almost always
have nightmares if I meditation for me
like I have like cried and it just it
brings out a lot of pain you know all
I'm trying to say like when I'm just
there alone in my thoughts even when I
try and tell my thoughts to shut up like
for some reason emotion comes out
instead it's so it's so hard to explain
yeah makes perfect sense okay it's not
hard to know it yeah so I'm gonna teach
you a different kind of meditation
technique that it's not going to quite
have the same effect I think it'll be
more pleasant for you but I think what's
happening in your case is any time you
try to meditate what essentially happens
is you stop casting your wall spells and
so the [ __ ] comes flooding out so
oftentimes in meditation whatever is
buried comes up okay because you're just
you're you're like unraveling your mind
mm-hmm
first thing is you got to sit up
straight all right so you got to fix
your posture yeah so what kind of
chaotic I don't know some type of a
wheelchair thing is that like wheels on
it it's like you know okay so this is a
computer chair a shitty one okay okay so
what I want you to do is you're like
leaning back yeah don't lean back so sit
up straight and kind of no no like yeah
you have pillows or blankets behind you
yeah can you go get so I want you to sit
on something sit like with your bit on
something yeah like I want you to take
like a pillow and put it on your chair
and then sit on that okay yeah [ __ ] I
really want to help you get your [ __ ]
together man
you're gonna what happened no I'm just
feeling good about you that's all okay
all right okay so so now it is home
wrong no no you're doing great so now
close your eyes and how do you do you
notice a difference once you're sitting
on the pillow with your back yeah I do
yeah what do you notice is different
well I don't feel as my heavy I guess
okay lie back feels
yeah my back feels it feels easier to
sit yeah good now I want you to fold the
pillow in half and then sit on that so
fold it pull it on top of ya alright now
how do you feel more I feel very erect
now good right so close your eyes and
just feel yourself okay you are
contracted before you're all compounded
and like way down on yourself you feel
that yeah yeah I do
eyes closed okay okay now how do you
feel I feel I definitely I feel yeah I
feel a little lighter I feel as though
it's easier to sit you know the teaser I
feel feel I feel good breathing is
better easier yeah yeah weird huh yeah
it's very strange so just sit with that
lightness for a second just sit with
that just sit with the way you feel
right this is you you're not so bad yeah
I'm not so bad
I'm not so bad right okay so notice
those thoughts of you being and you
started to slouch again so no slouching
okay good just maintain your your
posture and then you know they're there
it's okay for thoughts to be self
judgmental it's okay for you to think
that you're bad and that you're broken
and you're never gonna get better and
just notice those things and then return
to the sensation of your body right that
all that stuff is kind of there but that
stuff too can kind of be walled off if
you want it to and it's not so much that
you're walling it off it's just that
you're not letting it take center stage
we're gonna just let it we're gonna let
it exist in our mind it's just gonna be
off to the side a little bit and we're
gonna put go see look at the way you're
breathing beautiful feel that just yeah
breathe man okay okay what is that what
just happened I just feel weird I
what was that sensation tell me I don't
know it's like I wanted to like be happy
but then I style myself and being happy
because I can't do that right now cuz
I'm I don't even [ __ ] know what it
was I don't know very good good good
right so just think about that when was
the last time you wanted to be happy
like that when was the last time you
felt the buoyancy which you felt right
there was buoyancy does that make sense
yeah I feel uncomfortable feeling that
way absolutely that's your [ __ ]
problem man in a nutshell all right we
got to help you be buoyant when you feel
naturally like being buoyant eyes closed
okay does that make sense
you felt that buoyancy it's just like
just a spark of it and you knock it down
yeah I immediately just I didn't want
that feeling yeah yeah which is weird
right because I feel like it's nice it
is nice it's yeah it's why the [ __ ]
don't I want those I don't want that
yeah why because you don't think you
deserve it really what do you think I
don't know it's like a subconscious
thing with me whenever I start feeling
some type of way or I'm about to smile I
immediately stop myself okay so well
maybe we'll dig into that but for now
we're gonna just it's good so if you had
a feeling of buoyancy we're gonna start
to train you to like be able to just sit
with that feeling the next time it comes
up okay and even if you have to suppress
it that's okay
but just notice that you're suppressing
it okay and don't judge yourself for it
good now how do you feel tell me what
you feel actually
I feel loser good I feel loose okay so
now we're gonna begin the practice okay
okay okay so I'm gonna teach you
something called ohm chanting and this
is gonna be hard yeah I know this is
this it's the heart chakra right uh
depends you can get whichever ohm you do
could hit different chakras yeah yeah so
we're gonna do own chanting I'm glad you
have some experience with it cuz I
literally don't know if I can chant but
I think that's what you need right now
okay so I'm gonna demonstrate one round
neck up straight oh why do you do this
yeah don't you have this weird thing
where you tilt to the pelvis
I have a posture issue yeah okay so we
got to get you to a yoga class okay so
I'm gonna chant ohm it's composed I'm
gonna try to chant ohm it's composed of
three syllables ah ooh and hmm and I'm
gonna do it over the course of one
breath okay so we're gonna start with ah
and then we're gonna go into ooh and
then end with them I'll demonstrate once
you just listen okay
[Music]
okay so I want you to just listen to me
for a second okay you got you got the
hang of it you think you can do that
yeah okay good so I want you to focus a
meditation I mean chanting is not about
sound so it's not about your ears it's
about vibration so I want you to feel
the sounds in your body and you guys at
home should do this as well okay okay
yeah so ready so deep breath in let's
let's chant together okay
[Music]
okay bigger mouth more energy let me
hear you do it again there we go okay so
your your lips are not parting very much
so I want a big mouth all the way open
yeah good okay uh oh okay hold up I'm
getting coffee
okay now I'm actually feeling anxiety
for some reason that's okay
it's cuz it's [ __ ] weird what we're
doing anxiety's completely natural
[Music]
big deep breath one more
[Laughter]
oh okay three more breaths let me hear
you do it three more yep
[Laughter]
[Music]
beautiful two more
Oh
okay last one
[Music]
good now just sit and feel your body do
you feel the afterimage of vibration oh
yeah
good just feel yeah yeah focus on the
chest the belly yeah that's why I feel
the anxiety good notice it yeah it's
strange it's almost like it's just I
feel tighter and like it's like coming
out or something yeah so in the post
meditative period the anxiety feels
greater no I feel I feel okay I could
just feel that there's something that
wants to express itself and I'm
suppressing it still okay I feel so
we're gonna chant three more times and I
want you to really open your mouth and
make an O for that first sound okay okay
okay let's go yeah okay
Oh
[Music]
with your next two breaths let whatever
it is that's in there let it out
beautiful shilling my heart's racing now
it's weird
yeah last one okay
you can do it I'm with you okay
okay open your eyes
okay all right
I feel very different how do you feel
like I just woke up yeah I feel I feel
like it's easier to breathe a bit it's
just strange cuz like during that
process I felt like chest pressure and I
felt as though like I can't explain I
just felt anxiety which yeah I've been
good at suppressing it I'm very good at
dealing with my anxiety and yeah I feel
like so I I don't I don't think this
means your anxiety is coming back I just
think that remember how he's saying that
you're a something within you was
manifesting his anxiety and now it is it
on dormant or manifested in other ways
and I think as you let that stuff out
it's manifesting in some ways as like
anxiety again but that'll pass over time
okay okay yeah yeah I think if I were to
practice more more often I could really
make headway on expressing these things
subconsciously right can't can't
practice more often oh I can't do it
more often
nope you can only do it today okay only
today and then you can do tomorrow
once tomorrow becomes today but more
often is of the future do you see that
just thinking that now yeah and and be
careful so Mitch I think you've got so
just a couple of things so there are
case reports of meditation induced
psychosis
so if feelings of you know like if the
feelings become dangerous or scary or
things like that you don't have to
meditate I'm very surprised that you had
this reaction because generally speaking
people don't have this reaction with
chanting
so oh yeah I felt I felt like rage
during it was more like anger just like
expressing itself in a way I couldn't
quite understand yeah man
so dude yeah you're like so it's not
gonna take you years to get better you
just have to keep working at it okay cuz
what is within you wants to come out so
[ __ ] bad and once it's out it's gonna
be out what you've just suppressed so
much it's just it's like you're it's
like leaking from the seams oh yeah man
sometimes I just randomly cry I don't
know why I just did crying so so we just
got to let so we need to give your brain
in your body a time and space to let
some of that emotion out and once your
body gets used to that it's gonna be
like almost like a dog that gets trained
to like pee in a particular place so I
would highly highly recommend that you
see a therapist because I think I'm
going to celebrate this process and it's
good that you're meditating and and all
this other stuff because well right now
wait there appease pretty expensive yeah
yeah so do you have insurance no I have
no insurance I like pretty much what I
have to do is just I need to stream and
make some money and then I can possibly
think about doing that but I have a lot
of uh like I said I gambled myself into
a financial hole where I probably can't
do that right now okay that makes sense
so okay so so we'll let me just think
about that for a second because I think
you could really benefit from therapy
yeah and and and so in the meantime I
think continue drinking your veggie
juices and stuff like that
how are your bowel movements well it
depends on my sleep schedule but if my
suit schedules consistent III [ __ ] very
well yeah I got some good shits okay
good um so another that shits are always
there always blueberry color because I
eat a lot of blueberries okay
okay yep so how are you feeling about
today I'm alright you know I mean I know
I was I'm good I'm feeling good about
today I there's I'm a little bit still
hungover from two days ago but other
than that I'm good you know I drank a
lot two days ago I don't even know why I
did I never drink either but
I was with my buddy and I just decided
to get hammered for some reason and that
never goes well with me I don't know why
drinking and me just don't really mix
well sure yeah so but I mean do you do
you think that so you were nervous when
we started how did you think we've been
talking now for almost two hours yeah
how do you how do you feel like this
went like are you were you comfortable
with what we talked about today oh yeah
yeah I felt I feel as though it went
good I feel as though we definitely we
definitely got somewhere hundred percent
I helped me understand that where did we
get we got I think you understand me a
little more and I think I understand
myself a little more and I think that's
what we did today what do you understand
about yourself that I'm always looking
forward or back I'm never really like
just in the now trying to accept
responsibility for what's going on right
now and instead I'm always living in
some somewhere else than right now and
and then I beat myself up over something
that either happened in the past or have
or I think will happen in the future and
it's of doing that I just need to live
in right now and do what I can to heal
or get better yeah wow I didn't realize
we talked about that but it seems like
that's new right chat yeah that's just
how I feel though I feel as though that
was the that was like what I learned you
know okay yeah no I think I think you've
learned a lot it's just news to me
because I think you really tied things
together I think you you tied together a
lot of the stuff that I thought we'd
covered some ground and I think you
really tied it together beautifully yeah
so I you know so I think you know we
talked a little bit about regret and
things like that as well and I think
regret is about the past anxieties about
the future and I I do believe Mitch that
you know I can understand why you think
that your unfixable or you're so broken
because you've lived a long time being
the same level of broken yeah so it can
logically you can conclude that this is
never gonna get better but I don't think
that that's the case I think you're
gonna get better
I think if yes if you work at it and and
you try to channel so I want you to
really think about this
I don't mean to make things emotional or
stuff like that right before we stop but
I want you to think about what your mom
would tell you when you're feeling down
on yourself because I think she's
already taught you like the kind of
dialog like the way that you need to
treat yourself is the way that she
treated you yeah and I don't know why
whatever you mentioned my mom I get it
[ __ ] sad it's like I get this like
feeling in my nose I got to sneeze it's
weird yeah because you have pent up
emotion about your mom and I also think
yeah anyway we can talk more but I I I
really think that she did it just an
amazing job of treating you with
unconditional love and that's actually
something you need to learn how to do
for yourself
yeah and if we're talk
about like why something doesn't healing
it's because you like generally speaking
unconditional love goes a long way
clearing res debuffs and if you have
never I've never felt that with anyone
else I don't know if it's possible yeah
with expect especially with the res
debuff I it's hard to like yeah love and
receive love you know absolutely I'm not
it's it's very difficult and it's
absolutely impossible and even though I
I know you you feel like you're old and
by twitch standards you maybe maybe the
old man average but you know 27 is not
battled I mean there's still a lot of
life left to live there's a lot of
opportunity for love and relationships
you're ever gonna have the same
relationship that you did with your mom
no but doesn't mean that you can't have
relationships that are in the same
ballpark and can still be wonderful and
can be filled with unconditional love
too yeah that's the questions before we
wrap up for the day I don't know
yeah I need a second hold oh okay
questions um nah man I'm Mitch Jones you
know we're good bro I'm good
everything's good okay good it's nice to
see you smile
is it a genuine smile yeah we're chillin
man um I'll be RIT are you Nabire right
now I'm good yeah I'm good I'm good I
just I'm good man I'm just [ __ ] high I
don't know like you talk about love I
don't know man it's like I think about
love and like people and I truly I don't
feel that way like yes something weird
just happened you were in a way better
place like 60 seconds ago so sorry for
disrupting your nuts quit no it's
totally cool it's not your fault it's me
it's like I you just made me think about
love and my mom and how she
unconditionally loved me and then I
realized that the world is will never be
that way again for me you know that's I
just had a moment of thinking like you
know I just don't I don't think I'll
ever find that again I truly hate I have
a lot of hate inside of me you know and
like it's like coming out right now and
um I apologize
no no don't apologize I I think it's it
I think that's why I was a little bit
hesitant because I think it is somewhat
of an open wound for you for me to bring
it up but I really am I really do
believe that you should learn how to
talk to yourself the way that she talked
to you and I think ya know was like
about when we talked about you know what
can you do in the moment that is like
the best example I can think of yeah
yeah and I honestly think I I'm
subconsciously recasting that spell
again
you know mmm like right now yeah it was
almost like time for a half a second and
then it's just yep like I felt
vulnerable and then I just put it back
up you know I mean yeah when you said
this weird like I've never I didn't
understand what the [ __ ] you were saying
you said yeah man I'm Mitch Jones we
good I was like what just that was you
recasting the spell yeah I think it was
yeah it was me putting the mask back on
like everything's fine you know like
yeah no no no no
you so he's so notice that like things
were actually fine before that yeah and
then things became like bad again and
then you put on the mask
but actually I say five minutes ago you
actually felt pretty good yeah I did
yeah I felt I felt yeah and now you can
go back there I can see you going back
there a little bit so just notice your
posture again okay yeah good all right
so now you're actually on the path to
being good again yeah yeah really you're
gonna or not really no no no I totally
am I totally am I just know that I'm
just gonna I'm gonna leak that's okay
that's okay leak but I want you to just
notice how easy it is to move between
the two easy come easy go right yeah
like at any time you can do that you can
just all right like I'm gonna get back
to this place right yes yeah that is the
goal of meditation to cultivate within
yourself the capacity to go back to this
place and suddenly if you're in this
place the world is not so heavy
true that's good there we go okay strong
so much yeah yeah thank you I appreciate
it yeah it was a
I guess that very uh nervous and then
under I just didn't understand what we
were gonna do but I feel like we did a
lot and I didn't yeah we did a lot for
sure I think is I don't know if you
would like to speak again but I believe
there's there's so much man I would just
I would just love to tell you my whole
story man like I don't know I got I got
lots of stuff that I could just lots of
stuff inside of me that I would love to
just get off my chest you know sure so
let's let's set up another time sorry my
voice is really going out but Mitchell
look I think you did a fantastic job
today really strong work and I'm really
I I don't think yeah I don't I think
you're deserving of respect for what
you've accomplished
not thank you thanks a lot to me I
hardly ever hear that and I really that
means a lot to me thank you yeah because
I think just because you've been living
life with a residue buff like that's
actually pretty [ __ ] amazing that
you're able to do anything at all and I
uh I think that you'll yeah so good luck
with everything dude and we'll set up
another time to talk okay yeah sounds
good man okay take care bye all right
have a great day you too okay so he's a
good guy man I and you know he's like
listen guys so I've talked to a couple
people now he like on twitch who feel
like they're unfixable so this is
probably just cuz I'm naive and
optimistic but like I just don't think
that's the case man he's like he can get
so much better so so fast so fast and
and it's I know that it can feel really
hopeless like because and it's not it's
not that it it's logical right that's
the really crazy thing is that it's
logical because if you have felt the
same way for like a decade he started
feeling bad he said around 2011 or 1 or
something like that like something had
happened with twitch a year ago a couple
years ago but you know I think it
started with him something changed like
something got busted when his mom was
diagnosed with cancer and then for the
next 10 years if you're a smart guy like
Mitch's you're gonna think that like
this is aren't not repairable because
for 10 years it hasn't gotten fixed so
it's completely logical and it happens
to be wrong so if you guys are feeling
hopeless about life it's not that you're
stupid it's it's you're actually like
you're smart and logical too it's it's
that because you don't see your life
moving forward so you're gonna you're a
smart person you're gonna conclude that
it's not gonna move forward but I just
don't accept that because I think that
life can be drastically different very
quickly in terms of getting help from
people in terms of just one person
entering your life in terms of learning
how to meditate in terms of learning how
to take care of yourself getting a pet
like I don't know what it is but it life
can become so drastically different with
such a subtle and what seems like a
small change like one person enter into
your life so in my case I was
directionless and hopeless and failing
out of college and playing too many
video games and stuff like that and then
like I met one of my teachers in India
which just like blew my mind it changed
my life completely and I felt like there
was someone who understood me and could
teach me how to understand myself and
then it's like it's like life is hard
when you're blind like it's hard to
drive a car if you can't see but you
would be amazed at what you're capable
of if you just take the blindfold off
right and then it's like wow this [ __ ]
like sight is Opie it's like the world
is being navigated everyone is driving
around is wearing a blindfold and then
there's some people who've discovered
how to take off the blindfold they're
like the [ __ ] so P like site is so P man
it's like I can drive around wherever I
want to it I don't have to bump into
anything ever and it seems so
mind-blowing ly different because that's
just the way that we live like we've
lost touch with understanding who we are
and how we function like that part of
knowledge which was I mean I use yoga
and that tradition because that's where
I learned it but there are traditions of
like not just psychology but Yoga is
about understanding yourself right so
like how do you as a human being work
like what are the ways in which your
mind works what is it what are the ways
in which the food that you put into your
body affects your mind
why can't I do the things that I want to
do like what are the things that if I
think about the equation of behavior and
engaging in a behavior what are all the
things that go into that equation we
don't know we don't we don't know but
you can learn you can study you can
become aware and progress can happen way
faster than you realize like the good
news guys is that it doesn't actually
take like a decade to you know start the
path of like transforming your life sure
like a decade later like you're gonna be
in a very different place and it takes
time right so I started when I'm 21 when
I was 21 and then started med school
when I was 27
so that was six years and that was just
starting med school and then it took me
another like eight years to really
become confident in Who I am so that was
what like 2018 2017 so like a 16 year
process for me but it starts getting way
better before it's not like at the end
of the 16 years you're like oh like now
everything's real like it starts getting
way better way before that so start I'm
37 okay so yeah you guys over 22 and you
can feel old as [ __ ] like I don't think
you guys get this like you're gonna be
around for 60 more years right
like if you're 22 and you feel old as
[ __ ] imagine where you were five years
ago
like gigantic right the difference
between the 17-year old you and the
22-year old you is like huge and so you
just give yourself that amount of time
like that's so much time five years is
such a long time and then you're just
gonna be 27 like you're not a like B 30
yet so so it you have a lot of time and
there's and it doesn't take that long to
start getting on the on the right track
again and with Mitch I'm hopeful like I
think you know I know he's supposed to
be the raid boss and everything but like
dude you know if I mean helping someone
who is so intelligent and reflective and
tries so hard and has such vast reserves
of willpower
like and he wants to get better like
dude we're gonna help him he's gonna get
help and he's gonna be better like he's
gonna do well anyway so thank you guys
very much for watching and and showing
up and hopefully this was helpful to you
all as well and yeah it was it was fun
for me I enjoyed really talking to Mitch
I think he's a wonderful guy and I faith
in him I think he's gonna do well cuz
he's just he's he's a fighter man he's a
fighter and if he's like he's doing this
well with this [ __ ] gigantic res
debuff then imagine what he's capable of
if we can cleanse that even a little bit
like he's gonna do so well just he needs
time needs time